what's going on YouTube today I'm going
to show you how you can get free
PlayStation Network points in other
words free PSN points for your
PlayStation 3 and this will let you get
a $20 PSN gift card or some PlayStation
Network points all you have to do is go
to the link in the description and click
on it and you will come to a site that
looks like this you will need to
register so created an account and make
sure you use your real email address
because you will have to confirm a link
in your email in order for you to
register so once you work successfully
registered and on the site you will need
to earn points to shop points by
complaining offers as it says and on the
left here you will see a bunch of offers
and it will tell you how many points you
get for each offer so all you have to do
is click the yellow words right here for
the offer and then once you are done
doing the offer which it'll tell you
what you need to do you might need to
sign up to the site you might need to do
a quick survey once you're done you hit
the purple visit button and it will give
you your points and you can go to the
very bottom and where it says finish all
offers you can just go to the regular
site if you have done that or if you
just feel like going to the real site as
you can see I made over 600 dollars just
from referrals and there they've all
been sent to PayPal just so you know
that this site works there's other ways
you can earn money and earn different
cards but if you go to the top and click
earn points and then click free offers
you will see all your offers here there
are pages and pages once you have done
enough offers to earn enough points go
to the top where it says spend points
and go to your rewards and you will find
the PlayStation Network points card so
all you have to do is redeem it and that
is how you get free PSN Points cards
this is very easy so go do it